well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about reaching back the essence of
conservatism freedom and futility the
future is scary the future is a scary
place you know
the theme of the universe is very wild
and free our future reflects that really
does the future is more freedom for more
people should be it's what we should be
aiming for is we cast off the old ways
and innovate and try to become better
it's like a beach when the tide comes in
each wave of freedom gets a little bit
further ashore yeah it recedes every
once in a while a little bit but see
what the universe there's no outgoing
tide it just keeps crashing further and
further inland and to some people that
is scary that is scary it forces them to
challenge their beliefs so they want to
reach back and I don't mean reach back
to their primal instincts that's good
getting in touch with your animal nature
is a good thing understanding that we
are just advanced animals is a good
thing it helps you become wild and free
talking about wanting to hold Ondo dated
ideas ideas that were tried and failed
you know in 1865 there at the end dom
pedro ii i think i want to google that
one sent recruiters to the to the
southern united states because he wanted
to bring those technical skills to
brazil offered him tax breaks all kinds
of stuff trying to get them to move a
lot of them did ten thousand took off
left the south and went further south
move to a different continent moved to
Brazil and set up a little town called
americano now about sixty percent of
them came back and real short order when
they realized it wasn't exactly the same
but a decent enough numbers stayed
because they wanted to hold on to that
idea so bad they wanted to preserve
their culture that culture the funny
thing happened though by the second
generation they were speaking Portuguese
and enter married by the third
generation they had completely
assimilated that town Americana City
sound like a hundred thousand people in
it still exists it's still there and it
still has festivals that are Southern in
origin kind of but those ideas those
institutions that culture they wanted to
preserve it's gone with the wind
it's just gone all of that effort
fighting the future fighting what was
inevitable let's turn our attention to
the make America great again voter if
you look at the demographics from the
2016 election Trump does not get a
majority of voters until you hit age 50
or older that means they were born in
1966 or before Cold War Kids Cold War
kids
they were engrained with that propaganda
fighting the evil empire and all that
stuff
gave them purpose gave them clarity and
then it just disappeared on them can you
imagine that it's got to be tough and
that's what they want to reach back to
that clarity that hierarchy good versus
evil that conflict you can see it in
them their social media posts it's why
they use the language they do I think
you know people ask and they wonder
really how do they not see the bigotry
in their movement rally 1966 year before
they don't see the bigotry and their
movement because most of the voters were
alive during segregation so even if they
don't hold those ideas overtly anymore
it's how I grew up unless they put forth
effort to change it's still there it is
still there that's why they don't notice
it because it's a whole lot less than
what they grew up with so to them it's
still an improvement
that's what they want they want that
clarity that hierarchy they're desperate
for an enemy to give them purpose that's
why they fall for that simple rhetoric
that rhetoric that mimics cold war
rhetoric it's an invasion they're
socialists the the humorous part about
that is most of this demographic people
look back on the early 1940s is like the
pinnacle of American achievement they
might want to look at who was in the
White House during that period Social
Democrats like aoc that's who was
leading the country during your greatest
generation they fear globalist never
understanding that a nationalist is just
a low ambition globalist it's the same
thing just on a smaller geographic scale
there's no difference they're governed
by this fear of the unknown by this
reluctance to change the thing is though
every election cycle more of them
permanently aged out of voting and every
election cycle more young untamed free
wild unafraid unconquered on
propagandize Minds join the electorate
that wild and free future cannot be
stopped it's coming one way or another
the old institutions will pass just like
slavery
just like slept segregation just like
the Soviet Union they'll disappear they
will disappear the future is a future
where women
racial minorities gender and sexual
minorities are free and equal that's
where we're headed it's inevitable it's
what's going to happen and fight against
it if you want but there's nothing you
can do the make America great again
voter is a sandcastle on that Beach and
that tide is coming in one way or
another and yeah they may build a wall
around their sandcastle but every year
there's less and less grains of sand to
hold it together those ideas are going
to fade they're gonna go away maybe I'm
wrong maybe they will be successful in
terrifying their children and making
them believe that they have to have an
enemy passing on that desire to have a
hierarchy to have somebody you're better
than fearing the other
it could happen doesn't seem like a goal
I would pursue but it could happen but
why would you want it to even if these
were things that you believed why would
you want that world to continue when
your youth the children don't want it
tired of it anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night